apps/write/README.md, before:

# Writing Exams

Essentially, you write your exam in Markdown, with some special commands to 
separate questions / question groups and to change settings.

An exam is made up of groups, which each contain questions. 
Each question can be:
 - Short (code?) answer
 - Long (code?) answer
 - Multiple choice
 - Select all
 
Groups and questions can contain description text written in Markdown, including
 - Images
 - Tables
 - LaTeX
 - Code blocks

Basically anything that works in GitHub Markdown should work here - if it doesn't work,
it should be considered a bug.

The general syntax of this structure looks like:
```
# BEGIN GROUP Section 1

# BEGIN QUESTION
This is a question
# INPUT SHORT_ANSWER
# END QUESTION

# BEGIN QUESTION
This is another question, that's multiple-choice.

# INPUT OPTION Option 1
# INPUT OPTION Option 2

# END QUESTION

# END GROUP
```

## Group Syntax
Each group block is introduced with a 
```
# BEGIN GROUP <title> [<points>]
```
statement. The title and point values are both optional. For instance,
```
# BEGIN GROUP Gobears [4]
```
creates a group of questions called `Gobears` worth `4` points. Note that a group title
_must_ be in plain text, _not_ Markdown.

Each group then can have some body text written in Markdown. After this body text comes a
sequence of element blocks. Element blocks are either nested group blocks or question blocks. Then a group is ended with
```
# END GROUP
```

## Question Syntax
Each question block is introduced with
```
# BEGIN QUESTION [<points>]
```
Note that, unlike groups, questions do not have titles. Then you can provide some question
body text, written in Markdown. Then you must provide at least one `INPUT` statement. Then
a question is ended with
```
# END QUESTION
```

## Input Syntax
An input statement is written as
```
# INPUT <type> <content>
```
All the input statements within a single question must be of the same `type`.

For multiple-choice questions, you put one input statement for each possible choice, 
with `type = OPTION` for select-one, and `type = SELECT` for select-all. The value of the choice
is the `content`, written in Markdown. For instance, you could write
```
# INPUT OPTION An option
```
to provide a single multiple choice option with value `An option`.

For short / long answer questions, you must provide exactly one input statement within that question.
The `type` can be `SHORT_ANSWER`, `SHORT_CODE_ANSWER`, `LONG_ANSWER`, or `LONG_CODE_ANSWER`. `CODE` 
means that the font will be monospaced and tab will work to indent text typed in a `LONG_CODE_ANSWER`.
For short answer questions, the `content` should be left blank. For long answer questions, the `content`
can optionally be an integer representing the number of lines provided in the input field before the user
has to start scrolling. This also affects the height of the box in the generated PDF in a similar way.

## Public Syntax
If you want to have some questions that can be filled out before the exam starts, use a
```
# BEGIN PUBLIC
...
# END PUBLIC
```
block, just like a group block. This will create a question group that is visible before students start the
exam. At most one such block can exist in the exam.

## Config Syntax
At the beginning of the exam, before anything else, you can provide config statements, written as
```
# CONFIG <option>
```
The valid choices of `option` are `SCRAMBLE_GROUPS` and `SCRAMBLE_OPTIONS`. These will
randomize the order of groups and questions or multiple choice options respectively for each student. The tool
will derandomize all of these before grading.

To randomize just groups at a particular depth, write 
```
# CONFIG SCRAMBLE_GROUPS <depth> <depth> ...
```
to specify the scrambled depths, which are zero-indexed. Questions are one level lower than their parent group.

## Define Syntax
It is also possible to replace particular words or variables in an exam for each student, to prevent cheating.
The syntax is
```
# DEFINE <target> <alt1> <alt2> ...
```
This will replace all instances of `target` with one of the alternatives, chosen randomly. This will be scoped to
the block where it is made i.e. if it is written at the top-level, it will replace the `target` everywhere in the document,
if it is written in a group, it will replace the `target` everywhere in the group, etc.

Note that this syntax does not support Markdown - it is a very naive text substitution in the generated HTML, so don't
try anything too fancy with it!

Commit message:

feat: ability to "lock" options in place

apps/write/README.md, after:

# Writing Exams

Essentially, you write your exam in Markdown, with some special commands to 
separate questions / question groups and to change settings.

An exam is made up of groups, which each contain questions. 
Each question can be:
 - Short (code?) answer
 - Long (code?) answer
 - Multiple choice
 - Select all
 
Groups and questions can contain description text written in Markdown, including
 - Images
 - Tables
 - LaTeX
 - Code blocks

Basically anything that works in GitHub Markdown should work here - if it doesn't work,
it should be considered a bug.

The general syntax of this structure looks like:
```
# BEGIN GROUP Section 1

# BEGIN QUESTION
This is a question
# INPUT SHORT_ANSWER
# END QUESTION

# BEGIN QUESTION
This is another question, that's multiple-choice.

# INPUT OPTION Option 1
# INPUT OPTION Option 2

# END QUESTION

# END GROUP
```

## Group Syntax
Each group block is introduced with a 
```
# BEGIN GROUP <title> [<points>]
```
statement. The title and point values are both optional. For instance,
```
# BEGIN GROUP Gobears [4]
```
creates a group of questions called `Gobears` worth `4` points. Note that a group title
_must_ be in plain text, _not_ Markdown.

Each group then can have some body text written in Markdown. After this body text comes a
sequence of element blocks. Element blocks are either nested group blocks or question blocks. Then a group is ended with
```
# END GROUP
```

## Question Syntax
Each question block is introduced with
```
# BEGIN QUESTION [<points>]
```
Note that, unlike groups, questions do not have titles. Then you can provide some question
body text, written in Markdown. Then you must provide at least one `INPUT` statement. Then
a question is ended with
```
# END QUESTION
```

## Input Syntax
An input statement is written as
```
# INPUT <type> <content>
```
All the input statements within a single question must be of the same `type`.

For multiple-choice questions, you put one input statement for each possible choice, 
with `type = OPTION` for select-one, and `type = SELECT` for select-all. The value of the choice
is the `content`, written in Markdown. For instance, you could write
```
# INPUT OPTION An option
```
to provide a single multiple choice option with value `An option`.

To fix an option in place even if `SCRAMBLE_OPTIONS` is enabled, use the syntax
```
# INPUT <type> FIXED <content>
```
and it will not be shuffled.

For short / long answer questions, you must provide exactly one input statement within that question.
The `type` can be `SHORT_ANSWER`, `SHORT_CODE_ANSWER`, `LONG_ANSWER`, or `LONG_CODE_ANSWER`. `CODE` 
means that the font will be monospaced and tab will work to indent text typed in a `LONG_CODE_ANSWER`.
For short answer questions, the `content` should be left blank. For long answer questions, the `content`
can optionally be an integer representing the number of lines provided in the input field before the user
has to start scrolling. This also affects the height of the box in the generated PDF in a similar way.

## Public Syntax
If you want to have some questions that can be filled out before the exam starts, use a
```
# BEGIN PUBLIC
...
# END PUBLIC
```
block, just like a group block. This will create a question group that is visible before students start the
exam. At most one such block can exist in the exam.

## Config Syntax
At the beginning of the exam, before anything else, you can provide config statements, written as
```
# CONFIG <option>
```
The valid choices of `option` are `SCRAMBLE_GROUPS` and `SCRAMBLE_OPTIONS`. These will
randomize the order of groups and questions or multiple choice options respectively for each student. The tool
will derandomize all of these before grading.

To randomize just groups at a particular depth, write 
```
# CONFIG SCRAMBLE_GROUPS <depth> <depth> ...
```
to specify the scrambled depths, which are zero-indexed. Questions are one level lower than their parent group.

## Define Syntax
It is also possible to replace particular words or variables in an exam for each student, to prevent cheating.
The syntax is
```
# DEFINE <target> <alt1> <alt2> ...
```
This will replace all instances of `target` with one of the alternatives, chosen randomly. This will be scoped to
the block where it is made i.e. if it is written at the top-level, it will replace the `target` everywhere in the document,
if it is written in a group, it will replace the `target` everywhere in the group, etc.

Note that this syntax does not support Markdown - it is a very naive text substitution in the generated HTML, so don't
try anything too fancy with it!
